The development project of Reluctant Water Bay is in your hands.
Mr. Ye, if I remember correctly,
You and that pure heart are happy,
Could it be that you are still taking advantage of the trap?
If you think too much, the Chen Group will give you one word at most.
We have two words for you.
It turned out to be a business grab.
But Mr. Ye, you will forget about me.
Because of Shi’s ability in dancing, I almost missed it
is a supreme beauty
If you can bury me for one night
Feelings about the power of Zhongshi
I really don’t want to live anymore
Both of you are correct
Because of this piece of land, you two
Maybe you guys were contracted
Even Chen Xiyue can't do anything to me
To appear out of nowhere to spearhead small
Do you care about those expenses?
Everything went so smoothly